In combination attacks, there are attackers and supporters. The attacker is the source of the damaging ability, and the supporter is the mage who amplifies the effect in some way.

In Argentum flight, there will be twenty total combination attacks, which will all evolve throughout the series.

01. Lazarus attacking with Angiris supporting
02. Lazarus attacking with Cheyenne supporting
03. Lazarus attacking with Maria supporting
04. Lazarus attacking with Samuel supporting
05. Angiris attacking with Lazarus supporting
	3-Mile Masamune
	Lazarus begins summoning Tsubasa, passing the handle to Angiris. Angiris uses Shock Step to begin running quickly toward the enemy, causing Tsubasa to stretch as it materialize; meanwhile, Angiris is also applying a lot of pressure on the handle. After a few moments, Lazarus closes the mana locker, resulting in a blade roughly 3 miles in length; the pressure Angiris was applying on the handle kicked in as soon as the mana locker closed, INSTANTLY bringing the sword forward in one powerful downward slash, before chaining it into a devastating, earth-cleaving 10-hit combo. FYI: this is done against a dragon in the second half of the Titan Saga.
06. Angiris attacking with Cheyenne supporting
07. Angiris attacking with Maria supporting
08. Angiris attacking with Samuel supporting
09. Cheyenne attacking with Lazarus supporting
10. Cheyenne attacking with Angiris supporting
11. Cheyenne attacking with Maria supporting
12. Cheyenne attacking with Samuel supporting
13. Maria attacking with Lazarus supporting
14. Maria attacking with Angiris supporting
15. Maria attacking with Cheyenne supporting
16. Maria attacking with Samuel supporting
17. Samuel attacking with Lazarus supporting
18. Samuel attacking with Angiris supporting
	exact copy from related facebook chat
	"so, all of Samuel's abilities are split between bending light and sound into attacks, and illusions. Pretty much, Angiris puts up a full-strength shield and starts using faith to generate a massive amount of light from his body. Samuel causes Angiris' shield to catch all the light particles and then, when enough light is collected, Angiris releases the shield, releasing massive amounts of light. Depending on the situation, Samuel can either bend this light into multiple INCREDIBLY powerful beams, or just let the light out in one explosive light bomb."
19. Samuel attacking with Cheyenne supporting
20. Samuel attacking with Maria supporting