<Story Super-arc> <kinda like the split between Naruto and Naruto: Shippuden>
	
	<Story arc>


Titan Saga

	Intro episodes

		ep 1

			Story starts the day after the students advance to adept rank

			Argentum and Aurum flights are introduced, even though they aren't flights yet.

		ep 2

			Flights are selected randomly based on adept exam scores

			school

		- During Mock duels, Argentum flight takes the top of the school leaderboards

	The Mastery Exam part 1/2

		The Theory Exam

			- the big drama here is that Lazarus is the only one that knows the core concepts of Magic Theory, and he has to tutor everyone

			- Angiris doesn't show up to any of the lessons, but scores only slightly lower than Lazarus, using a completely unorthodox logic system that no one else can seem to understand when he tries to explain it

	The Mastery Exam part 2/2

		The Tournament Exam

			- All combat is simulated here, and no one dies for real.

			- Team combat Exam

				- with the mastery exam being a global competition where only 20 of the 200 competing teams (100 of 1000 mages; 10%) succeed, this is a big event in which we show at least 3 fights for Argentum flight, and 1 for Aurum flight (Aurum flight has amazing solo skills, but generally terrible coordination, so they only barely win their fight, and are literally ranked 19th of the passing 20 teams, whereas Argentum flight is ranked 2nd).

			- Team exam is followed by solo duel exam

				- Lazarus and Angiris rank within the top 10, and the rest of the team is in the top 100

				- Aurum flight is all in the top 50

			- Solo exam is followed by a last-team-standing, free-for-all, where Argentum flight wins, only losing Samuel
 (at this stage in the series, Samuel is still a douche, so nobody really cares lol)
	Terrorists at the Magic Games

		*we already have 2.5 seasons of content here... we don't need to figure this one out yet, but we need to leave a few loose ends in the content we have...*

	><
	The betrayal
		Samantha's incredibly rich father purchases multiple Legendary magic weapons, and since Samantha keeps getting rejected by Lazarus, and Alexis secretly hates everyone, Samantha steals two of these weapons, and the two of them attack the school.
		Maxwell is away on assignment, and Sergei decides he needs to bring him back to the school to help. The girls attack Sergei before he can leave, but Arthur intercepts the attack and dies, giving Sergei enough time to slip into the shadows and flee.
		After multiple episodes of conflict between the girls and all the staff of the school, Lazarus and Angiris begin to fight Samantha and Alexis, respectively. Meanwhile, Sergei has reached Maxwell, and it turns out Sergei is the orphaned son of the previous Maxi-Magus.
		Maxwell and Sergei arrive just in time to see the Lazarus vs Samantha and Angiris vs Alexis fights end
		Throughout the Lazarus vs Legendary Samantha fight, Lazarus' possession slowly increases, ending with his whole body being encased in red armor and his mind being completely suppressed.
		As Lazarus begins to Rampage through the wreckage of the school, Angiris literally sends him flying 3 miles away from the school with a single kick, and they start fighting.
		The fight between Lazarus and Angiris leads us to discover their true natures: Lazarus is possessed by the Prince of all magical creatures, and Angiris is actually an angel.
		the Demon Lazarus vs Angel Angiris fight ends unfinished: Angiris is losing at the end. Demon Lazarus moves in for the kill. Angiris stands up weakly and smiles, causing Lazarus' mind to regain control over the demon (accompanied by a dramatic change in appearance). Regrettably, Lazarus is moving too fast to stop the attack (and he doesn't have enough mana left to teleport away), and he hits Angiris with the full brunt of the attack, killing him.

	How to Resurrect an Angel
		After killing Angiris, Lazarus carries his body to the rest of Argentum flight, who had made their way out of the bunker and watched the fight, horrified. In tears, Lazarus begs them to help him find a Summoner willing to resurrect Angiris.
		With Angiris' death, Maria fell into a coma. Lazarus and Cheyenne encase Angiris in Eternal Ice, and put both Angiris' body and the comatose Maria into Angiris' apartment. Samuel sets up an illusion to keep the two of them from being found.
		Reduced to Lazarus, Cheyenne, Samuel, and the monk (whose name I haven't decided on yet), the flight receives a clue on where to start their search from none other than the SWMA headmaster himself.
		After following leads all over the continent, the gang finally finds a small group of Summoners and Voxans, led by a man named Darius, who are willing to resurrect Angiris, for a price: "Bring us the corpse of the Onyx Dragon."
		The flight decides to hunt the Onyx Dragon, so the fugitives tell them where to find the Onyx Dragon.
		When the flight arrives at the Dragon's Den, they are surrounded by the rumoured Onyx Raiders. After admitting that they're there to kill the Onyx Dragon, the Onyx raiders start attacking Lazarus. He just stands there and takes the beating, until a booming voice fills the cavern, demanding that they stop. The Onyx Dragon and two more Onyx Raiders step into the room.
		Dialogue scene, followed by an episode where the flight is shown the city the Onyx Raiders have been protecting: a massive safe haven for Summoners and Voxans alike. At the end of this episode, Darius' group of fugitives (who were apparently forced out of the city for endangering the city with their illegal activities) attack the Raiders and the Flight
		At this point, Lazarus is drowning in his own doubt as there is a literal BATTLE happening around him. Samuel, Cheyenne, and the yet unnamed monk (one would think I would figure this shit out already) have to drag Lazarus to safety inside one of the rooms in the Dragon's Den. Minutes later, the door to the room suddenly explodes, with Samuel and Cheyenne being thrown back and knocked out from the impact, leaving only the monk to fight the assailant, one of Darius' lieutenants. 		


Archon Saga
Titan's Remorse Saga
