<NOTES FOR ME>
[SETTING NOTES FOR PLAYERS]
{IF the players ask}

[Now that you guys have passed your live combat examination, the school has given you all Contract licenses, so you can participate in work contracts to make money and make a name for yourselves. You're all currently standing in front of the job board in the cafeteria, searching for your first legit contract. The job board is actually 4 large transparent glass panes along the North Wall of the cafeteria. Each pane is about 50ft across, and holds conracts for a specific rank of mage. The job board appears completely transparent until you approach it, at which point it projects a hologram onto the section directly in front of you, first requesting for you to press your contract license against the glass for scanning. It then shows you the list of all jobs available, which can be narrowed down by region, general activity type, among other things. Most of the jobs you're seeing are simply undesirable, for one reason or another. Some are long-term contracts, which would keep you from participating in this year's mastery Examination. Others are offering too little pay for too much work. And some are just plain old fucking boring. Out of every contract that can be accepted by an Adept, you can only manage to find 2 promising jobs. Right as you're about to grab them off the board, one of the contracts gets accepted by another team in your school, leaving you with only the one contract.]

[It seems to be a request for you to travel to southern Germany to escort a small cargo convoy to a nearby industrial teleport gate. It looks like the reason they're asking for a mage contract is because the mining town they're transporting from is surrounded on all sides by impassable hills and abandoned towns with confirmed wraith presence, and transporting militia to the town is expensive and unreliable. Besides, it's simple strategy that, to effectively protect even a 2-vehicle convoy using militarized naturals, you'd need at least 3 APC's of troops. A strong and organized team of mages is much more cost effective.]

[It's fucking cold outside in Moscow, so you REALLY don't wanna go outside. Fortunately, many of the more prominent Magus Academies, including your own, have their own small-scale warp gates, capable of holding about 10 people, if they were packed like sardines, that is. Your entire team can fit comfortably within the gate, while your local Gate Operator contacts the operator at your destination to make sure you get a clear spot at the teleport gate, because attempting to teleport in when the destination is occupied WILL be fatally catastrophic. Luckily, there aren't many travellers to this particular village in Germany, and you get a spot immediately, and instantly, with no warning or discomfort, your team finds themselves in an identical warp gate in a not-so-identical location, and you are all welcomed by the local Gate Operator, who has a thick accent.]

"Velcome to our town. Business or pleasure?"

{Van Klaus Mining Company, Marcus Weber}

[You all have about 2 hours until the convoy is scheduled to start moving, leaving you roughly an hour to explore this small mining town. What would you like to look around for?]