!!! Warning: Trying to read this on Windows may cause all the lines to merge, making this very difficult to understand !!!
First decisions
	Which systems?
		all systems
	Cross Compatibility
		Multiplayer will be FULLY cross-compatible
		All multiplayer data stored on same servers, in same format.
	Multiplayer?
		Similar to an MMO
		Every character has an effect on the whole game, but the game is heavily instanced, so you can only see so many other players at once.
		Each player starts multiplayer as an amateur mage with only a handful of mansa (the currency of this universe)
	Singleplayer storyline?
		parallel to Titan Saga
	Promotions?
		With there only being 5 ranks for mages, Promotions are a VERY big deal in multiplayer.

Multiplayer
	game separated into multiple instances to reduce lag. Think Kingdom Hearts.
	Every instance has its own server, and by moving between map zones, your character data is temporarily transferred to that server.
	
Class system
	Cleric
		Crusader (Tank/Melee Damage)
			Powerful Support abilities, centered on the Cleric. Powerful attack abilities.
		Healer (Support)
			Weaker Support, but the Cleric can put them on others
	Warrior
		Armorer (Tank/Melee Damage/Alt Support)
			Manipulates objects and equipment
		Berserker (Tank/Melee Damage/Alt Support)
			Manipulates muscles and other tissues
	Sorceror
		Elementalist (Spell Damage)
			Elemental spells
		Law binder (Alt Support)
			Law spells
	Shaman
		Curser (Spell Damage)
			Causes harmful effects on Enemies
		Hexer (Support)
			Continuously chants buffs for allies
	Rogue
		Ghost (Alt Support)
			Bends light and sound to make the Rogue undetectable and Enemies less powerful
		Ranger (Ranged Damage)
			Condenses light and sound into powerful attacks

	Based on the Great Star (From the series) you cannot pick two incompatible magics.
		Cleric
			warrior
			shaman
		warrior
			shaman
			sorceror
		Sorceror
			Warrior
			Rogue
		Shaman
			Cleric
			Rogue
		Rogue
			Sorceror
			Shaman

		subclass compatibility is not an issue, so long as the classes are compatible.
Level system
	Killing Monsters doesn't give money or promotion progress, but it does slowly increase the stats involved in any skills you use to destroy them

	Stats
		all stats max out at 1 Million

		Strength
			Increases the power of melee and ranged abilities
		Determination
			Increases the power of spells
		Vitality
			Increases Health and physical defense
		Dexterity
			Increases the accuracy of all attacks
		Agility
			Increases your movement and attack speed in combat
		Stamina
			Increases the speed at which you regenerate power
		Intelligence
			Increases the speed at which you regenerate mana
Ultimate Forms
	By achieving Legend Rank, each character gains an "Ultimate" power or form to use in combat
	The exact power differs based on the character's classes, subclasses, and the Moral Standing of the character itself.
		Singleplayer has a large number of events that can effect your Moral standing, culminating a positive, negative, or Neutral Moral score.
		Multi-player has very few of these events.
		Upon reaching Legend Rank, the character's Moral standing, classes, and subclasses will determine the exact Ultimate power the character achieves
	Math time
		25 possible class/subclass possibilities
		Times
		3 Possible Moral Scores
		Equals
		75 possible Ultimate abilities
		